hey folks it's me jeff i'm back with
another dream board theme you can see
this one it is utopia HD what makes
utopia HD different well quite a lot
actually check it out I'm gonna zoom out
a little bit here and i'm going to show
you this theme here we apply ok so let's
get back to the main screen here is the
mainstream of utopia HD it's quite
different from most themes and is a huge
departure from you know the stock iOS
methodology basically this is just one
large vertical screen and it has like
various sub sections that you can use to
access various parts of your iPhone and
a lot of the links a lot of the actual
you know shortcuts to your apps are txt
space which makes it a little I don't
know just it's just not for me I've
determined that already you may think
differently but personally I prefer to
have more of a visual aid the way it is
designed is very nice as you can see
here it's great l again it's going for a
sophisticated look and I understand
where they're going but personally I
just can't take it here's how you access
the settings of the tweak itself that's
nice I've never really seen a setting
section that in depth on any theme thus
far so you can choose which type of SMS
application you would like to use you
can have a slideshow with your pictures
you can change the color although I was
not able to do that well there it goes
ok just takes a it was kind of hard to
register your tap for some reason I
don't know what's up with that anyway so
that's pretty much the gist of utopia HD
it says beautiful simplistic desirable
well that may be true for some people
but for me I really can
can't take it let me show you one more
thing at least for instance like
important weeks while they're cydia then
there's ifile important apps then you
have your paypal or whatever whatever
other apps you have designated your
email more applications okay there you
go so here's a kind of a interesting way
of going about organizing your different
apps and so that's utopia HD in a
nutshell i think i paid like three
thousand fifty cents for this so I'm
kind of kicking myself because like I
said I'm not really feeling it but maybe
I'm just in a minority here you let me
know how do you like utopia hdf you
tried it yourself personally let me know
what you think maybe I'm just doing it
wrong I'm interested to hear your
comments and your suggestions and your
feedback again this is jeff with
jailbreak movies com can't get enough of
all these cool dreamboard themes me
neither check out this video of in-depth
HD yet another dream board theme also
make sure you click the subscribe button
to subscribe to my channel thanks